Add CHANGELOG entry for dbg (#11998)
elixir-lang/elixir: CHANGELOG.md

specifically tailored for **debugging**.

When called, it prints the value of whatever you pass to it, plus the debugged
code itself as well as its location. This code:

```elixir
# In my_file.exs
feature = %{name: :dbg, inspiration: "Rust"}
dbg(feature)
dbg(Map.put(feature, :in_version, "1.14.0"))
```

Prints this:

```shell
$ elixir my_file.exs
[my_file.exs:2: (file)]
feature #=> %{inspiration: "Rust", name: :dbg}

[my_file.exs:3: (file)]
Map.put(feature, :in_version, "1.14.0") #=> %{in_version: "1.14.0", inspiration: "Rust", name: :dbg}
```

`dbg/2` can do more. It's a macro, so it *understands Elixir code*. You can see
that when you pass a series of `|>` pipes to it. `dbg/2` will print the value
for every step of the pipeline. This code:

```elixir
# In dbg_pipes.exs
__ENV__.file
|> String.split("/", trim: true)
|> List.last()
|> File.exists?()
|> dbg()
```

Prints this:

```shell
$ elixir dbg_pipes.exs
[dbg_pipes.exs:5: (file)]
__ENV__.file #=> "/home/myuser/dbg_pipes.exs"
|> String.split("/", trim: true) #=> ["home", "myuser", "dbg_pipes.exs"]
|> List.last() #=> "dbg_pipes.exs"
|> File.exists?() #=> true
```

### IEx and Prying

> `dbg/2` works on top of a configurable backend. This allows Elixir to ship with
> an IEx backend that sets up a **pry breakpoint on every `dbg/2` call** when you
> invoke your code via IEx. This also works with pipelines: if you pass a series
> of `|>` pipe calls to `dbg` (or pipe into it at the end, like `|> dbg()`),
> you'll be able to step through every line in the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dbg/2` supports configurable backends. IEx automatically replaces the default
backend by one that halts the code execution with `IEx.Pry`, giving developers
the option to access local variables, imports, and more. This also works with
pipelines: if you pass a series of `|>` pipe calls to `dbg` (or pipe into it at the
end, like `|> dbg()`), you'll be able to step through every line in the pipeline.

You can keep the default behaviour by passing the `--no-pry` option to IEx.
```
